# Bank-Marketing-Predicting-Term-Deposit
Problem Definition: One of the most common marketing strategies in Banking sector is direct marketing campaigns through phone calls, it is a form of advertising that allows organizations to communicate directly with customers to offer their services based on the client’s existing bank profile. Here we will consider term deposit as a banking service. Direct marketing has significant challenges: • Strategy like Telemarketing may have high financial and resource costs, long time method, but less ROI. • Many people find direct marketing annoying and intrusive. • If bank reach a consumer who isn't interested in services, they are likely to find it irritating and this can create a negative brand association. Business Goal: To build a list of target customers who are likely to subscribe a term deposit. Project Objective: We will convert this problem into a machine learning classification problem. We will build a model to predict whether a client will subscribe a term deposit or not so that the banks can arrange a better management of available resources by focusing on the potential customers “predicted” by the classifier. This will help them to design a more efficient and precise campaign strategy to reduce the costs, improve the profits and customer satisfaction. Data Mining Technique to be used: Classification The data is related with direct marketing campaigns of a Portuguese banking institution. The marketing campaigns were based on phone calls. Often, more than one contact to the same client was required, in order to access if the product (bank term deposit) would be ('yes') or not ('no') subscribed.
